[EDU-6322] refactor: nodejs compatibility docs (#1563)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/devtools/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/node-polyfills/timers.mdx

---
title: Azion Runtime and Node.js API compatibility
description: >-
  Explore the compatibility and integration of Node.js APIs and polyfills with
  the Azion Edge Runtime, enhancing JavaScript execution in edge environments.
permalink: /documentation/products/azion-edge-runtime/compatibility/node/timers/
meta_tags: >-
  Azion Edge, Node.js compatibility, JavaScript runtime, Node APIs, polyfills,
  Node.js polyfills, runtime APIs, Edge Runtime, edge computing, timers
namespace: documentation_products_azion_runtime_node_timers
menu_namespace: runtimeMenu
---

> The `timers` module in Node.js provides a set of functions for scheduling the execution of code after a specified delay or at regular intervals. It is essential for managing asynchronous operations and controlling the timing of function execution within applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `timers` module in Node.js provides a set of functions for scheduling the execution of code after a specified delay or at regular intervals. It's essential for managing asynchronous operations and controlling the timing of function execution within applications.
```

```javascript
/**

>  * An Example of using Node.js Timers API in a Azion Edge Function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * An Example of using Node.js Timers API in an Azion Edge Function.
```

 * Support:
 * - Partially supported (Extended by library `timers-browserify`)
 * @module runtime-apis/nodejs/timers/main
 * @example
 * // Execute with Azion Bundler:
 * npx edge-functions build
 *
 */
import timers from "node:timers";

/**

>  * An example of using the Node.js Timers API in a Azion Edge Function.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * An example of using the Node.js Timers API in an Azion Edge Function.
```

 * @param {*} event
 * @returns {Promise<Response>}
 */
const main = async (event) => {
  console.log("Hello, world!");
  console.log("Waiting for 5 seconds...");
  await new Promise((resolve) => timers.setTimeout(resolve, 2000));
  return new Response("Done!", { status: 200 });
};

export default main;
```

:::note

> The `enroll`, `unenroll` APIs are not supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `enroll` and `unenroll` APIs aren't supported.
```
